Devops Team (Group 7)
Code of Conduct 
Meetings 

	Meeting attendance is mandatory (unless otherwise indicated)  
	Meetings start and end on time 
	Agenda is set ahead of time by the project leader with input from leadership team members. (agenda additions may be requested during agenda review) 
Decisions 

	Decisions will be made by the team discussion   after listening to team input. Decision making process will make by voting system including all team members.
	While you may not always agree with group decisions it is expected that you will support group decisions.
	It is expected that you express disagreement in the meeting. 
	It is OK to disagree! If discontent exists after a decision has been made, it is expected that it be brought to the project owner and scrum master for further discussion until a sufficient comfort level is achieved.
	We agree to provide a unified vision 

Confidentiality 

 Confidential discussion topics include but are not limited to:
	Personnel matters 
	Discussions involving customers or members 
 


Teamwork 

	Management and staff members should work together and help each other out. (No person or department is an island!) 
	We are all working together for the greater good of the co-op 

Communication 

	We are all responsible for communication.  We have a responsibility to being positive senders as well as receptive, active listeners o 
	Clarification is the responsibility of the sender 
	Direct communication is always best.   (Talking to a third party or behind another’s back is unacceptable.) 
	We agree that topics or comments generally thought to be offensive are off limits.

Marking
If a team member is late to meeting or workplace
	Warning at first
	If a team member is late more than twice, they have to buy everyone a coffee.
If a team member cannot accomplish or delay tasks in time
	His individual marks will be reduced
	Other team members are allowed to help for the tasks
	The sharing tasks for the sharing marking system
If a team member has to take leave or absence for some reasons
	Have to inform the team first 
	Show plans for his tasks during his absence (Example, how will he manage to do his tasks during his absence)
	Remote working is allowed


23/1/2024
Number	Team Members	Agreement Sign
1	Htoo Myat Linn
(Product Owner)	Linn
2	Kyaw Ko Ko San
(Team member)	San
3	Wai Yan Moe
(Scrum Master)	Moe
4	Pyae Sone
(Team member)	Pyae
5	Bhone Myat
(Team member)	Bhone
6	Zayar Phyo
(Team member)	Zayar




	
